---
title: "District voters elect the first Black town supervisor in the Town’s
  history, maintain control of the board, and add a new judge "
subtitle: " It was a historic night for Democrats in Irondequoit on Election
  Day  – the town will see its first person of color as its newest
  Supervisor.  Andraé Evans, a former career combat veteran serving in the
  United  States Army and local community advocate, bested one-term
  incumbent  Supervisor Rory Fitzpatrick by a total of 52% (6,869) to 48%
  (6,329) of the vote."
date: 2023-11-09T00:00:00.000Z
draft: false
---
 It was a historic night for Democrats in Irondequoit on Election Day
 – the town will see its first person of color as its newest Supervisor.
 Andraé Evans, a former career combat veteran serving in the United 
States Army and local community advocate, bested one-term incumbent 
Supervisor Rory Fitzpatrick by a total of 52% (6,869) to 48% (6,329) of
the vote.

“The results from this Election Day illustrate that the people of 
Irondequoit sent a clear message that the town should go in a different 
direction,” **said Ryan Trevas, Irondequoit Democratic Committee Leader.**
 “I know how hard our candidates worked this election cycle, from our 
designation of candidates to Get Out The Vote (GOTV) events, and I am 
humbled by such an amazing outcome. From Monroe County executive Adam 
Bello to candidate for Irondequoit Town Justice Brian Green, these 
results are a testament to all of the hard work from our IDC committee 
members, to whom I am truly grateful for their support.”

Additionally, residents in the town of Irondequoit reelected sitting 
Town Councilmember John Perticone, who gathered the most votes with 49% 
(11,738) in the race for Irondequoit town council. Grant Malone, 
President of the Building and Construction Trades Council and District 
Manager of the Operating Engineers, Local 158, earned his seat by 
beating Joshua Menelas for the second vacant seat by earning 29% (7,031)
 of the vote. Lastly, in a challenging win, Brian Green was victorious 
over longtime incumbent Town Justice Patrick Russi by 7% or 876 votes.

Moreover, at the countywide level, incumbent candidate Adam Bello 
retained his seat as Monroe County Executive by achieving 61% of the 
vote over former Gates Town Supervisor and Monroe County Legislature 
candidate Mark Assini’s 39%. Bello is the first Democratic Monroe County
 Executive to win re-election in county history. And in the race for 
Monroe County Family Court judge, recently appointed candidate, Maria 
Cubillos-Reed retained her position as the judge by leading all 
vote-getters with 28% of the vote. Judge Cubillos-Reed is the first 
Hispanic woman to win an election to the Family Court bench.

In one of the most highly competitive races, sitting Legislator Dave 
Long defeated former Legislature president Dr. Joe Carbone by 11% of the
 vote. The race for Legislative District 21, including three 
neighborhood districts in Irondequoit, was won by City of Rochester 
firefighter, Santos Cruz, who defeated Working Families candidate Oscar 
Brewer Jr. by earning 80% of the race’s vote. Races in the 17th and 26th
 Legislative Districts covering parts of Irondequoit were uncontested 
and won by current Legislative District 21 representative, Rachel 
Barnhart, and current Democratic Minority Leader, Yversha Roman.

“Democratic voters, candidates, and committee members in Irondequoit can proudly say that, together, they made history,” **said Monroe County Democratic Committee Chairman Stephen DeVay.**
 “Running for office and winning elections are truly team efforts, and I
 am grateful to everyone who stepped forward to run this cycle, to their
 families for their support, and to everyone who knocked on doors and 
made phone calls on their behalf. Congratulations to all!”

For more information, please visit [irondequoitdemocrats.com](https://irondequoitdemocrats.com)
